Allow override for requesting specific worker types for Complement on command line. (#14324)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/contributing_guide.md

- Passing `POSTGRES=1` as an environment variable to use the Postgres database instead.
- Passing `WORKERS=1` as an environment variable to use a workerised setup instead. This option implies the use of Postgres.

>   - If setting `WORKERS=1`, optionally set `WORKER_TYPES=` to declare which worker types you wish to test. A simple comma-delimited string containing the worker types defined from the template in [here](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/develop/docker/configure_workers_and_start.py). A safe example would be `WORKER_TYPES="federation_inbound,federation_sender,synchrotron"`. See the [worker documentation](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/workers.html) for additional information on workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If setting `WORKERS=1`, optionally set `WORKER_TYPES=` to declare which worker
    types you wish to test. A simple comma-delimited string containing the worker types
    defined from the template in
    [here](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/develop/docker/configure_workers_and_start.py).
    A safe example would be `WORKER_TYPES="federation_inbound,federation_sender,synchrotron"`.
    See the [worker documentation](../workers.md) for additional information on workers.
```
